## Nexium Gaming Company
This Repository Holds public access to the NexiumServerManagementCompany™ policy files
### Table Of Contents:
  - TOS
  - BLA
  - Privacy Policy
  - Refund Policy
  - Contact
# Terms Of Service (TOS):
1A) The first part of this document has only one purpouse; to inform you of official labels, words, and identities of the Nexium Gaming Company, it's counterparts, sub-groups, affiliated organizations, and employees or otherwise hired persons or services. The aforementioned words, identities and labels will be defined and explained in-detail in sections 1B and 1C respectively. As a customer, viewer, guest, or other 3rd party organization, individual, or group, you are required to agree to the TOS when using or buying a service and if said person(s) are employed, hired, or paid by the Nexium Gaming Company.

1B) The Company, Nexium, Nexium Gaming Company, 'Our' Company; it and any variation of itself refer to Nexium Gaming Company or any other mentioned sub-group, afiliate organization, group, or indivitual be it 3rd party or not.
The Product, The Service, The Request, The Order, The Merchandise; it and any variation if itself refer to anything viewed, requested, purchased, or otherwise lawfully obtained objects, or services, be it digital or physical, by a guest, customer, or other 3rd party organization, individual, or group. The guest, viewer, or reviewer; it and any variation of itself refer to any guest, customer, or 3rd party organization, individual, or group that has not officially paid for or downloaded any service(s), good(s), physical or digital.

1C) The labels, words, and identies provided above in section 1B are finalized and are not able to be altered by a guest, customer, or other 3rd party organization, individual, or group. The terms in which inherintly refer to the Nexium Gaming Company represent the empolyee(s),executive(s),service(s), and or any good(s) created by the company  to the fullest extent of the United States Of America Digital Melenium Copyright Act, and the Consumer Copyright Act respectively giving 'us', the company, full legal whitholdance of our property be it physical or digital under the fullest extent of the aformentioned law(s). An attempt to circumvent the protection and otherwise legal obligations provided by the aforementioned law(s) will lead to the immediate termination of the provision, supplementation, or creation of any product, service, request, order, transfer, payment, or transaction created, by and or for any guest, customer, or 3rd party organization, individual, or group.

1D) This concludes section 1. The next section (2) will provide guidelines for viewing, using, or requesting any product, service, request, order, transfer, payment, or transaction created, by and or for any guest, customer, or 3rd party organization, individual, or group. It will in detail specify what you can't do with our product and what you can. Any questions about said guidelines can be sent to us VIA the Contact Form

2A) By Agreeing to the TOS you state that you will abide by, follow and adhere, to the stated guidelines below. Any guest, customer, or 3rd party organization, individual, or group that purchases any product, service, request, order, transfer, payment, or transaction created, by and or for any guest, customer, or 3rd party organization, individual, or group will be provided said product, service, request, order, transfer, payment, or transaction AS IS and with no warranty that surpases the extent of the law(s). This extends to any physical or digital property of the company given to an employee, exectuive, or hired person(s), Third Party group(s), individual(s), or organization(s) without exception or excuse.

2B) As an an employee, exectuive, or hired person(s), Third Party group(s), individual(s), or organization(s) affiliated, hired, or paid by the company you agree to follow the guidelines for your job given by your supervisor, or any exectuive. Breach of such guidlines is subject to consequence by severity concluded by your supervisor or an executive if an appeal of stance has been properly filed.

2C) The unlawful distribution of any company property, which includes any product, service, request, order, transfer, payment, or transaction created, by and or for any guest, customer, or 3rd party organization, individual, or group can and will likely result in legal action against you, your company, or affiliation, should you not comply with the requests of the company lawyers or our legal department. Distribution includes, but is not limited to, recreation, duplication, handing unauthorized recordings, pictures, or files to ANY guest, customer, or 3rd party organization, individual, or group without express WRITEN or SIGNED permission from a company executive. As the owner of any such product, service, request, order, transfer, payment, or transaction created, by and or for any guest, customer, or 3rd party organization, individual, or group the company reserves the right to to the immediate termination of the provision, supplementation, or creation of any product, service, request, order, transfer, payment, or transaction created, by and or for any guest, customer, or 3rd party organization, individual, or group.

2D) This concludes section 2. The next and final section (3) will describe how any guest, customer, or 3rd party organization, individual, or group agrees to this TOS document and when it applies to provision, supplementation, or creation of any product, service, request, order, transfer, payment, or transaction created, by and or for any guest, customer, or 3rd party organization, individual, or group. 

3A) This TOS document is agreed to by any guest, customer, or 3rd party organization, individual, or group purchases, downloads, views, or handles ANY  product, service, request, order, transfer, payment, or transaction created, by and or for any guest, customer, or 3rd party organization, individual, or group physically or digitally, with intention or not. This TOS agreement applies in all aforementioned instances, and during any operation time, period, or session with any employee, hired person(s), services, or any Third Party group(s), organization(s), or person(s) with the intention to commited actions or not.

3B) This conclues section 3, and the TOS document. Any questions regarding this document can be asked in the contact form.
